I may lose you I believe it is wicked
you coaching football you are a legend
for doing something so stupid I mean
it's Mendel they're gonna murder you
it's a bit of news from the other side
of the Atlantic AFC Richmond announced
the hiring of their new manager of
American football coaches and last oh
you're an American who's now in charge
of a football club despite possessing
very little knowledge of the game oh I
know that AFC Richmond is gonna give you
everything they got win or lose outside
right y'all do toss
did you see that he must be from England
yeah well then another country
yes know how many countries are in this
country for like it or not Richmond are
changing the way we do things and from
now on that way what you're doing is
irresponsible this club actually means
some things in this town
the only I see that every day out there
on the streets are you kiddin 8 I think
that's what it's all about embracing
change being brave
your decision to bench Jamie was a
masterstroke
only we're allowed to talk like that it
working me success is not about the wins
and losses it's about helping these
young fellows be the best versions of
themselves on an awesome deal
[Music]
I always figured that tea was just gonna
taste like hot brown water and you know
what I was right yeah that's horrible
hell thank you welcome to England
[Music]
you